Gods above...
Why do you choose
to put me through such trials?
'Kay, we all good starting off
with juicy love stories, then?
Quit making it sound like
you're ordering the usual round at a bar.
Oh, oh, me first!
Yuka it is, then.
Do you have a crush, Yamada?
Ignorance is strength, I guess.
Seems like.
Huh? Wait, what's that mean?
Okay, how about this?
What sort of guys do you like?
Huh?
Gods above... Oh, gods above...
Well? Well? What sorta guy?
Uh, I guess... The interesting sort?
Saw that coming.
She's always saying that.
And, I guess...
a guy who's cat-like?
You've lost me.
And? What else?
E-enough about me,
what about all of you?
Like, have any of you been asked out?
I have.
Same.
Well, me too, then.
I haven't.
One of these girls is lying.
Two, I'd say.
Quit the psych test!
But getting asked out
is pretty childish, anyway.
What? Wait, why? What do you mean?
Real adults let things slowly brew
until they find themselves
in that sorta relationship.
Or something like that.
They let it "brew"?
Sounds like a pain.
W-well I...
I'd prefer to get asked out!
What's the matter?
No, nothing.
I just don't really get
how to let things "brew."
Oh, well you see...
B-before they even start dating?
Yup.
She means s*x!
Adults treat it like
it's some kind of recreational sport.
They use it as a way
to decide if they wanna really go out!
I'm turning the lights off
before we get in trouble.
Yeah, yeah.
This is bad. I gotta break outta here...
Maybe I can wait
until they all fall asleep.
But if they notice
I'm not in my room upstairs,
all hell will break loose.
Huh?
S-s*x!
What should we do?
Th-this is bad!
D-don't think those thoughts!
C'mon...
Two, three, five... ten?
Wait, what are prime numbers, again?
Hey.
Do you think I'm grown up?
Bwah? Huh?
Wait... now? Here?!
I want to talk tomorrow
I want to talk to you about something...
Hm? What's wrong, Yamada?
Huh?
No, nothing.
Hmm? Wait...
Your blankets are huge.
I-I'm done for!
Huh?!
What?!
H-help me...
What the heck?!
Ms. Moriya! Ms. Moriya!
Now's your chance!
R-right!
Huh?
You wanted to talk?
I-it can wait...
till tomorrow...
Okay...
And so we made it to our group free-time
on the second day.
Now that's a vibe!
Foxy-fox!
Foxy-foxy-foxy-fox!
Quit ruining the mood!
These are holy grounds, y'know!
They say if a couple
passes through here holding hands,
they'll be bound together for eternity!
What? Really?
That sure caught your interest.
Fox!
Not getting any search results
saying that.
Gah! Who asked you to look it up?
Fox!
I'm telling you though, there really is-
I told her we'd talk, but...
How do I bring the audition up?
What do I even want to talk about?
How I don't want her worrying about me?
How I want her to focus on work?
I don't know...
Just...
If she's only here for my sake...
I can't take it.
Fox!
C'mon, let's go.
We haven't had much alone time.
Yeah...
So? You having fun?
I mean... More than I expected to.
Oh?
That's good, then.
That's...
I'm happy to hear it.
What's that mean?
What?
Just what I said.
Happy and fun.
Okay...
Then what's that face for?
N-no reason...
You had an audition booked, didn't you?
Yeah.
I'm sorry...
What are you apologizing to me for?
I just can't do it!
I just...
I really wanted to enjoy our school trip!
I thought if you were having fun,
then I would too!
But all I can think about is the audition.
Can you believe how self-centered I am?
You know, I'm kind of relieved...
Sorry, you probably don't know
how to react to all this.
Turning her back to her job
brings her to tears.
She can't just switch off work mode.
That's the way she is, and why I...
Why I...
Agh, hold it in...
Anna Yamada!
I'm stronger than you think!
I was alone...
But I was fine with it.
List of Passing Examinees
To me the world seemed
like nothing more than a filthy mess.
I was a hollow shell, pathetic and weak.
MURDER
ENCYLOPEDIA
I thought everyone was laughing at me
and making fun of me deep down.
I didn't think a single person
wanted to talk to me.
I thought that was just the way
things were.
But...
I made friends.
Friends like Adachi, Ota, and Kanzaki.
I sometimes talk with Kugenuma
and the guys, now.
I can even talk
somewhat normally with girls.
Our teachers still irk me sometimes,
but I don't hate them.
Where I saw nothing before at school,
bit by bit, I've started noticing things.
Happy things, sad things,
embarrassing things, surprising things.
The once empty world
started to fill with color.
I'll admit it, I like school!
I still would even without you around!
Wha-? How could you?
But it's only because you were.
Huh?
You showed me this world.
You helped me see how beautiful it is.
Because you're in it.
I like you, Yamada!
I...
It's true.
I had lost sight of even the regular,
ordinary every day...
Found 'em!
Prepare the celebration!
Wait, Kan-
What?! Were they just holding hands?!
Y-you think so?
Ever since I met Yamada,
even the mundane feels special.
And maybe this is going too far...
but it feels like...
Yamada has made me who I am now.
I just...
I want to be...
the smallest...
tiniest part of her life.
Go for it. Your audition.
It's tomorrow, right?
You can still make it.
Yeah, but-
Hop on the next bullet train.
I'll tell the teachers.
Here.
That should be enough to get you there.
This is why your bag was so full?
See ya.
About what you said!
I-I'm just glad...
to see you're still you.
I...
I want to say it out loud, too.
Okay...
So-
Yamada!
Chii?
Everyone's all worked up
saying you're missing.
Decided you want to go
to the audition, didn't you?
Kimi Iro Octave
Here.
You're gonna want to practice, right?
Yeah...
I'll put it in here, for you.
I'll even pack these snacks in for you.
Yikes, talk about packed.
I'll handle things here.
Okay...
Save the tears for later.
Get going!
I will. Thank you.
Yamada.
It'll be all right.
Yeah!
Shoot, that was not the sort of thing
I should say in front of Kobayashi...
Ugh, can hardly call myself leader
after ditching my group like this, huh?
I wouldn't say that.
Yikes, I really gotta get back.
Daichi Cram School
Get into elite schools
I really gotta think of an excuse.
Maybe I'll say I walked Yamada to the
station because she had an emergency.
No, but that's basically
putting the blame on her.
Big congratulations!
Give us a kiss!
Congrats!
No, no, this isn't right!
What isn't? They're a couple.
But they aren't even in the same class!
No! No!
Can you please stop this?
I'm telling you, it's wrong!
Honestly, please?
Yeah...
Sorry...
Hara's as strong as they come.
I hope I pass
the entrance exams
There.
Kyotaro Ichikawa
Hmm...
Maybe something like this?
Oh...
Hello?
Make sure you get me something good, okay?
I don't want some dumb keychain
of a robo-Kiyomizu-dera
with someone hopping off, you hear me?
Make it something good like that
Gionido oil blotting paper, 'kay?
And those jari-manju snacks
and the Ranran scented sachets!
And maybe a bottle gourd?
Okay, let's see here...
Wuzzat?
A present. For my sister.
Oh, your sister!
Why's that got you more interested?
Chill out, you two!
Hey! Quit playing with the merchandise!
And you girls cut it out!
Kyoto Souvenirs
Yamada called her parents right away,
who then called the teachers.
And so she made it safely to her audition.
Anna!
Papa! Mama!
And so she made it safely to her audition.
It's fun enough
even without Yamada around.
But...
Anna Yamada
I'm headed out
K
Meet you at
the usual spot
Still...
Listen up, our trip is not over
until you're all back home.
Even still...
I just want to be with her!
But...
Where's our "usual" spot?
Where does she mean?
Where?
She couldn't mean...
Library
You're brave coming in here
out of uniform.
Did you get it right away?
Not exactly.
Lots of places to choose from...
But...
Meet you at the usual spot
With all your illicit snacking here,
Jagareko Veggie
Potato Chips
Consomme Home Run
I figured the library.
You're on the books for it, and all.
Hmm?
That pun was unintentional, okay?
So your audition...
What?
I still don't know. I did my best, but...
Y-yeah?
What?
This time around showed me
I'm such a weakling.
That's not true...
Always wishy-washy and jealous of people.
Thinking negative thoughts
that get me anxious.
I'm a mess...
But I like who I am!
I think I've finally realized that.
And so...
That's why...
Everything around me is so important,
and so special, and so lovely to me.
Kyotaro Ichikawa.
You made me realize who I am.
You're more important than anything.
More special than anyone.
You're my everything.
We...
Fell In Love
And I love you!
Will you...
go out with me?
Wha...
I...
Yes...
Ow!
Yippee!
I really am messed up in the head.
There's no way any of this is real.
Yet even still...
This is...
How I...
We...
How we...
Fell in Love
...fell in love.
I, We, Fell in Love